mr. cheesy pop come with me to the
Wizarding World of Harry Potter
that's kind of amazing right it's been a
breathtaking when you actually walk in
here and you see it for the first time
we're about to board the train and I
it's so amazing that like it just
look at how we massive this place is Wow
so we just took the train to hog from
you then here we are in hunts means the
train was really cool in line for
Hogwarts oh that's cool that's cool
that's not hot I'm nervous that excited
yes
I'm hot me too what when we say is he's
a ghost
look at this we're like the only ones
walking to the engine I think we're
doing this right yes we're on the
Hogwarts Express station King's Cross
station we have this place to ourselves
basically this is the music epic here
we're gonna have some butter
I opted for the frozen K it's really
good sweet it's very sweet
so many ones so many ones they are
everywhere it is time to leave Wow but
it was a truly awesome and magical day
here in the Wizarding World of Harry
Potter yes you should all come in here
because it's incredible it's amazing it
is magical mr. cheesy pop Thank You
leaky car Thank You leakycon